## Abstract ##

Navigation in museums today is aided either through guided tours or digital maps. Both these modes of navigation can sometimes be complex to understand and may lack in immersive interactions. This paper introduces ‘name’, a temperature regulated navigation device. Current approaches to make museum exploration more interactive include the use of audio-visual aid, tactile stimulation and navigation applications. ‘Name’ aims to enhance visitors’ navigation experience. ‘Name’ - taking inspiration from the Hot and Cold game - is a handheld cube, which heats up when on the correct path but cools down as you deviate from it. It is a novel approach to enrich the visitor experience by simplifying navigation and making it more enjoyable.

## Introduction ##
For too long now, we have been dependent on the conventional methods of navigation in museums like booklets, e-maps and tour guides. There arises a need for a more creative outlook and this project aims to contribute to attaining a solution for the same.

One such approach to enriching museum navigation, is the use of mobile applications to assist the differently-abled using audio based guidance. Audio devices and mobile applications that also rely on audio cues do offer navigation assistance to the visually impaired, however they have considerable shortcomings like bad battery health, the existence of a learning curve and the distraction in museum experience.
There are a couple of different visual aids utilised in the museum like colour-coded paths which simplifies movement. The use of enlarged text fonts help locate necessary information quickly. Though this improves navigation it lacks in providing an immersive experience.
Tactile guides require consistent maintenance due to the materials they use, our device which uses robust material like silicone is durable and requires little to no care.

Our device ‘name’ bridges this gap in a simple and an innovative way. Our device is an innovative museum navigation device designed as a cube which tracks the visitor’s movement using RFID components and provides turn-by-turn guidance. This eliminates the use of mobile applications and helps address the issues surrounding the learning curve. It guides visitors through the museum using temperature stimulus by heating up while on the correct path else cooling down. The cube’s temperature is adjusted using the Peltier. This provides the visitors with an interactive and immersive experience and provides some amusement. As the design of the cube is quite simple it is very inclusive of the different sections of the society. It makes it more universally usable by eliminating language-barrier problems.

Overall, ‘name’ not only combats navigation limitations visitors face when using traditional solutions easily, it addresses the different limitations arising from different disabilities, all at once.Such limitations,although tolerable, impact the museum experience substantially. ‘Name’ not only tackles the limitations in an
